[docs] Document how to save assets for later use with Maestro (#39198)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/pre-packaged-jobs.mdx

</Collapsible>

> <Collapsible summary="Saving assets for use in subsequent steps">

Author: Thanks for the clarification! I've updated the copy to be more specific about where the images and screenshots will be saved.

> To save assets created by Maestro commands (such as [takeScreenshot](https://docs.maestro.dev/api-reference/commands/takescreenshot) or [startRecording](https://docs.maestro.dev/api-reference/commands/startrecording)) for use in subsequent workflow steps, use the `MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR` environment variable to specify predictable file locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To save assets created by Maestro commands (such as [`takeScreenshot`](https://docs.maestro.dev/api-reference/commands/takescreenshot) or [`startRecording`](https://docs.maestro.dev/api-reference/commands/startrecording)) for use in subsequent workflow steps, use the `MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR` environment variable to specify predictable file locations.
```

Let's use inline syntax highlight for these commands.

In your Maestro flow file, specify the asset locations:

```yaml maestro/flows/test-flow.yaml
appId: com.myapp
---
- launchApp
- startRecording: ${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_recording
- takeScreenshot: ${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_screenshot
- tapOn: 'Login Button'
- takeScreenshot: ${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/after_login_screenshot
- stopRecording
```

> The assets created in one step will be available at the specified paths (e.g., `${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_recording` and `${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_screenshot`) in subsequent workflow steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The assets created in one step will be available at the specified paths (for example, `${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_recording` and `${MAESTRO_TESTS_DIR}/my_screenshot`) in subsequent workflow steps.
```

Let's avoid Latin abbreviations as per our writing style guide.
